the
we inaugurate a section through this space as we have all the
members of the sporting staff
today is the turn of real life
when you said you wanted to be submissive
well then when
it is decided
in madrid in enciso at least a thousand
and good departure and then
I think it's a dream you can say you could
can be done and good departure and then who knows what the president
I have a hundred
as sources early in the world of football
well, good
of percent deterioration the only thing that
e that I wanted was
was playing or not playing fire enjoy and
i did not think about anything else
good the truth that all this was not going to be a summer in the whole category
day fair of san fernando
percent
/Who
defiant he knew all markets before corley
and well little by little you can
I was discovering more to the attack
Good thing, the oce
of nationalism in the bay
I see that this bonus that
that if the client equaled yp
and nothing is attacked they decided to benefit the king and from there
Well, now
the cnh becomes a reality
the world of soccer ayala and antistress especially grateful
Well, practically still
a noble man who was the one who noticed me
e in seville agüero departed with him with that area have donated and
thanks to that person
that was a Madrid counter did not notice me in my quality of the year
and went
it was in the person that
that talked about me in Madrid
devised percent and hence power
it was a decision madrid I have a lot to thank you
provocative groups of Real Madrid
that what teachers in Seville there is one is called jose maria prado
and was the person who
what helped me start that path
because they exist and the sport gym
the power
I had to value many things there
and one of them can
finish
the atmosphere believes that his idea of ​​football does not speak the hobby can the couplet
opportunity that I had to play in a big team
and good is also a team that aspires to access and
and that's why it was
what do you like to do when you return to your land
can not be with friends here
little drinks and
tub enjoy it and
and the family
who feels being the second division top scorer
it can not be a pride and
and the person can
Quezada same as Uribe
what do you think about before jumping into the field
1 percent if you do not do the best you can and
and nothing and let me start very lively and vii
quiet
how is the relationship with your classmates
percent
good sometimes you can urgently
e that someone does not accept it but they are a thing of fire, not always
always the field of play everyone knows that I am like this when I go out
out of another world is friend ja
and with the hobby
well now original I think that always to luena and
per cent unesco the only defeat was that of the past that were not
agreement in
momo do not name an option that is there
and nothing clear same ochoa we are all another of agreement and
and if in command
How different between the varal before and after sporting
before Friday because he can not
the player that good he did not have did not have much much many minutes in the
that I would like and
and well then not moderate what mature note
what am I doing now and
and good the truth that now they can
can you stop give me the importance of this method that dalí
I'm very happy
there's something you do not like football
if there is a lot of thing it is not violence referee does not pite that in the plenary
do not hit bull
I liked everything
a dream
the producer is next year in the first novel fort
and be able to enjoy
in fact to cities hobby
everything is fine if you are from the marina
a football team
the sporting your best football
last year against the asad
A football player
special
an adjective that defines as a footballer
ubic power
the father
your best moment in sporting
the worst
last year when
when will you forget me
although already the iiss
that's when he sings to me the hobby of last year
saa